[opening theme song playing]
-[grunts]
[labored breath]
This is...
[Jolyne] Looks like
you're finally awake.
Was everything we've seen
before a dream?
Yeah. To distract us from
being dissolved...
in this room.
Break the door. Quickly.
Use your power.
Star Platinum!
Do it!
Ora!
[crackling]
It's open!
Pull me out of here!
We have to leave
this room right away!
[Jotaro] Hold on.
What was that
you said just now?
Did you say,
"Star Platinum"?
That's my Stand.
Jolyne, how would
you know that?
From what I can tell,
it only became reality
after I told you
about Johngalli A.
In other words,
there's no way you could've
seen my power yet.
Even if you feel
its existence
since you're my child,
there's no way
you should know
the name "Star Platinum."
That would be inconsistent!
This... isn't reality!
[sudden gasp]
[Jolyne groans]
Stone... Ocean...
Jolyne.
About time.
You finally snapped
out of it.
I had to push myself.
My thread dissolves so fast.
Jolyne...
Were you dreaming too?
No, I've been in a nightmare.
Then I woke up to all of this.
Yes, I see.
Looks like we were both
being shown specific visions.
Like watching a movie...
Sounds right.
If only we had some popcorn,
it'd be perfect.
I can't move anymore.
Not a finger...
What about you?
Can you move?
The current situation
could be a dream...
within another dream.
If you can't move at all,
then it's reality.
A harsh reality.
One which we might
not escape.
Yes, I see.
At this rate, we're screwed.
Dead meat.
The power of the pendant...
Bring out the Stand that
you just used to wake me up.
Stone Ocean?
That's right.
Can you bring it out
in a clump?
Basically, your strength...
It's no good. I know that.
It took everything
I had just to wake you.
There's no hope of opening
the door.
That's fine.
Just bring it out.
[inhales]
[exhales]
[fast piano music playing]
Yes, like that.
Keep going.
Can you bring it out further?
Just a bit more.
Bring it a little closer
to me.
It would be for the best
if you could shift it over
a little further to my left.
That should work.
It's not what I'd call ideal,
but it's close.
This should at least
help us get out of here.
-[focused grunt]
-Ora!
[grunts]
[light crackling]
That was Star Platinum.
It's my Stand.
Now then, pull me out.
This is reality.
Make no mistake.
You... bastard.
[grunts] Damn you!
That hurt!
This pain I feel,
and this irritation...
Bastard. How dare you?
This irritation I'm feeling!
There's no way
this can be a hallucination!
[grunting in effort]
[panting]
Good. Lift your hands.
What is it now?
Ora!
Let's go.
Oh, right...
Do you know what this is?
Whatever it is,
we were saved because of it.
That's a human bone.
[gasps]
Further,
it's a part of the pelvis
called the sacrum,
from an adult female.
Based on
the surface condition,
it seems to have
been dissolved
by some kind of acid.
It's been dissolved?
You mean, the same stuff?
Who knows?
I have no clue why
you'd carry
something like that around,
but it doesn't matter
right now.
I was the only one
who saw him,
but the kid exists.
It's a mystery,
but this is proof
that he's actually here!
[alarm blaring]
[both gasp]
[woman over speaker]
Code 909. Security level four.
Abnormality detected
outside the visiting room.
Security level four. Code 909...
What are we gonna do?
Because once
we left that room,
you became a wanted criminal.
Like I said from the start,
I'm getting you out of here.
You have it, right?
The pendant?
That thing's more important
than it looks,
so don't lose it.
Now then, break-out time.
[male voice sighs deeply]
I never would've guessed
they'd escape my trap.
Not many guards.
What's that about?
This is a semi-public area.
Take a look.
Our goal is a window
at the western wall.
The window faces out
to the shore,
and from there we'll escape
to the outside world
via submarine.
[Jolyne] A submarine?
I have a little connection
with the organization
called the Speedwagon
Foundation.
They've arranged it for us.
[banging in distance]
[exhales nervously]
I'm not seeing any cameras
in this hallway.
The window is just down this
junction here to the left.
From the window to the shore
is just under 20 meters.
I'm sure you have a lot
on your mind right now,
but we have to focus
on getting outside.
[Star Platinum] Ora!
Let's go.
[rumbling]
Oh, it was that fan.
Jolyne.
[yelps]
[intense piano music playing]
[grunts]
[grimaces] It hurts!
Where were you looking?
Don't rush.
Here, stand up.
-[soft piano music playing]
-[speechless]
Go ahead. Take my hand.
Uh... I'm okay, just clumsy.
But thank you.
I can stand up on my own
without any help.
That isn't it.
It's this.
Be more careful when
you trip next time.
What are you going to do
if this flies away,
or you lose it?
[grunts in disbelief]
What's wrong?
I told you
this was important,
so hold on to it. Here.
[emotional music playing]
You're really going to Tokyo
despite everything
our daughter
is having to go through
right now?
What kind of father are you?
-[phone clicks]
-Hello? Hello?
You haven't changed,
have you?
You're always thinking
everything through
calmly and logically.
Even when I was a kid dying
of a high fever,
you couldn't be bothered
to come for see me.
Or when I was doing
a little joy-riding,
and they accused me
of stealing the car.
You were on an airplane
heading somewhere
exotic instead.
Yet somehow, I still
grew up safe and healthy.
[emotional music continues]
[in sarcastic tone] I mean,
I'm a troublemaker that
doesn't get hurt no matter
how many times I fall!
So lucky! Woo-hoo!
-What are you going on about?
-[irritated grunt]
If it's important,
hold onto it yourself!
[grumbles]
-Jolyne.
-Shut up.
-It's a bit late for--
-Not that.
Have you not noticed yet?
Something has been
following us. Quietly.
Jolyne, get down.
[grunts]
[footsteps approaching]
-[light gasp]
-[exhales]
Nobody down this hallway.
I guess they must've gone
the other way.
It's a guard. What's he...?
[scoffs]
Hey!
What's that?
Something forced its way
past this metal gate.
The prisoner has to
have gone this way!
-Come in--
-[silenced gunshot]
-[surprised gasp]
[creaking]
[speechless breath]
[Jolyne] Wait, is that...?
Johngalli A.!
He came to take care
of us himself!
Jolyne! Keeping heading
to the window.
I'll face off against him.
[gasps]
That's Johngalli A.'s Stand.
But I thought his attacks
had only been a dream...
-Die!
-Is this still a dream?!
It's not! This is happening!
Time stop!
The enemy.
I think there were...
two of them!
It conjured visions
for Jolyne and I.
And even went so far as to
put Johngalli A.'s
actual Stand
inside of those dreams.
Everything had been a set up...
to lead to this.
Set up precisely for
this moment
where I'd have
no other options
but to stop time
to keep my daughter safe!
Their target... was always me!
Time is about to start! Jolyne!
[grunts]
Ora, ora, ora!
Looks like you were
one step too late.
Jotaro Kujo,
how I've waited for this.
-Wish I could take my time.
-[gasps]
[squelches]
[whirring]
It seems
they were already done.
Perfect.
Even the invincible Joestar
couldn't stop me
from obtaining that
which I wanted!
You were no match
for the power of Pale Snake!
[groaning]
The shooter's still up...
It's a Stand!
[yelling]
What the--?!
But I thought his Stand
was just a dream.
Anyway, let's move
while he's still reloading.
-[sinister music playing]
-It's him.
[oozing]
Huh?
[squelches]
Ora!
[glass clattering]
There's the shore.
We're almost out!
[grunts] You go ahead.
I'll catch up.
Huh? Let's go! Hurry!
Come on!
Listen.
There can only be
one Stand per person.
So then,
there were two enemies
from the beginning.
[gasps]
Johngalli A.'s one.
The mushy guy, the second...
[wind howling]
Take this pendant,
and get out of here
while you still can.
Don't drop it.
A transmitter has been
fitted inside of the pendant,
so they can determine
your location.
The submarine has
been programmed
to find and follow
this signal automatically.
It hones in like a beacon.
Do you understand
what I'm saying, Jolyne?
Just go to the shore,
and the submarine
will come to you.
Easy as that.
From there,
the Speedwagon Foundation
that I mentioned
will come and
take you somewhere safe.
[breathes nervously]
You got that?
Now, go.
You mean, this thing...
Earlier, I...
I didn't know, but you...
I want you to know.
You were always
incredibly important to me.
[breathing shakily]
[gasps]
[grunts]
You... Hey, what the hell?
Your chest... It can't be!
But how? You can't...
Go. Jolyne,
I'm only bleeding a little.
I'll catch up to you
in no time.
Don't lie! [gasps]
All because
you protected me earlier,
the other enemy took
something away from you!
And that's why you couldn't
dodge the bullets! Is that it?
What did he take?
[gasps] Could it be...
your Stand?
[gun cocks]
-[gasps]
-Jolyne!
[rock music playing]
No way!
[annoyed grunt]
Hey! What is this?
This thread is... When did it--?
[grunts] I've got you!
[grunts]
[gasps]
Be quiet.
We're getting out of here.
We're heading to the shore
to make our great escape.
So don't interfere. Got it?
Wait, the girl...
When did she acquire
this kind of Stand?
A Stand as powerful
as this one
should've already
been investigated
before she entered
the facility!
All right, I'll drop the gun.
[smirks]
#[grunts]
[groans in pain]
Idiot.
Simon didn't say, "Drop it."
I was just checking out
the angles.
I wanted to make sure
to line up
the easiest one
to hit you from.
See, I'd prefer
if your jaw were facing
a little further to the right.
If I knew she was
this powerful,
I would've taken care
of her first
before going after Jotaro!
It was my mistake
to make him my first target!
Is Pale Snake already aware
of this turn of events?
Jolyne Cujoh.
There's can be no doubt
that she's Jotaro's daughter!
A part of the Joestar line!
Ora, ora, ora!
Jolyne.
Earlier...
when we were stuck
in that dream...
You said you would stay here
in this prison
for the sake of a child
that you don't even know.
He grabbed me as if
he depended on me.
That's why I'm going back in.
[Jotaro] I know now
what I saw was just a dream...
And yet...
[somber piano music playing]
[silence]
Dad!
Damn it!
We nearly made it
to the shore!
Hey, Dad!
Get up!
-[dogs barking]
-[guard] Find them!
Deadly force authorized.
A guard has been shot!
The criminal is armed
and dangerous!
If it comes to it,
shoot to kill!
[Jolyne grunts] Where is it?
We're at the shore.
Come on.
That Speedwagon Foundation.
You say you've got some kind
of connection with them?
I have no idea
who they are,
but if a submarine is
really going to come for us,
then they must have
considerable
financial assets and
technological capabilities.
This wound...
hit by a ricochet bullet...
They'd have to help!
Surely, they'd be able
to treat it
better than
any regular doctor!
Where is the submarine?
-Where are you?
-[barking]
[waves splashing]
-[bubbling]
-[gasps]
[gasps]
So everything you told me
was true.
The submarine was
already here
and waiting for us!
We're in the clear!
[sudden gasp]
[speechless breath]
[somber music playing]
[exhales shakily]
Hey! What the hell
are you doing?!
No way...
It... It can't be...
No, there's no way!
Even if he got shot,
the wound is shallow.
None of his vitals were hit!
[panting]
It's not supposed to
be a fatal wound.
But...
But... Why are you--?
[sharply inhales]
Why the hell did your heart
stop beating, Dad?!
[breathing heavily]
See? I can tell.
You've got the blood
of a Joestar.
-Go.
-[Jolyne crying]
You've got a good head
on your shoulders.
You can make it
on your own, right?
[breathing heavily]
[music ends abruptly]
[breathing shakily]
[screaming in pain]
[emotional music playing]
[barking]
We got them!
I see some movement on
the other side of the fence.
Watch out for the gun!
[Jolyne] Hey...
I'm not on the other side
of the fence.
I'm right here.
If you're talking about me,
that is.
[cocks]
[guard] You bitch!
Hold on, don't shoot!
She has her hands up.
-Yeah, but--
-Do not fire. She's unarmed.
Do you surrender?
But there should be
another person.
The tall man with the cap
who came to visit her!
He's close! Go find him!
I see. That's where you were.
[boy] Why? Tell me why, Jolyne?
Why didn't you run?
It's a tragedy,
but your father
is already as good as dead.
His powers were taken
by that weird, mushy guy.
You barely survived the trap
he set for your father!
So why?
Why didn't you escape?
Because the one who did it
went back inside.
Not outside, but inside!
[gasps]
The culprit's goal relies
on their ability
to steal people's Stands
by making them materialize.
That mushy bastard
deliberately went
back inside of the prison.
They didn't try to
make a run for it,
so they must have
what they need
inside the prison.
And so what?
You can't possibly think
you can get it back.
Do you really think your dad
will come back to life
if you do?
That's why I'm going back in.
I don't want to be
the one to tell you,
but a dead body just rots.
That bone I gave you...
was from my mom.
He took her soul as well.
She died.
I see...
My mother gave birth to me
while she was
a prisoner here,
and I've been hiding
in this prison ever since.
Your name... tell me.
Oh, I'm... Emporio.
Emporio.
I was able to survive
because of your mother.
Thank you.
You know?
I have this
unexplainable confidence.
I don't believe my father
is actually dead.
I think he'll be okay
if I can get his Stand back.
That's why...
I'm staying!
[cocking]
[ominous music playing]
We did it.
Now we have the mighty Stand
with the ability
to stop time.
Yes, and we couldn't
have done it
without you, Johngalli A.
You and I make quite
a formidable duo.
[chuckles] Agreed.
Now, could you help me back
to the men's prison?
I hadn't anticipated...
That's strange. Where's my gun?
Can you see it?
It's right here.
You were the only one
that knew my true identity.
And it just so happens
you were the one
who murdered that guard.
With this, everything
will work out very nice.
To be able to communicate
an idea to someone
Jotaro himself had said
what a wonderful thing
it was.
And he was right.
I have the proof right here.